---
layout: post
title: Old projects, old projects, old projects!
---

So I watched some video on youtube, and I suddendly hear the song "One Is The Lonliest Number" by Thee Dog Night. I searched that song and I listened to it while I was browsing some folders, can't remember why.

Then I landed in my `\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects`. I haven't been there for a while. I saw a folder called "BuildingTiles", I remember something of it. It had to do with building and tiles.

I went to `\BuildingTiles\BuildingTiles\bin\x86\Debug` and ran `BuildingTiles.exe`.

I was amazed. Did I create this awesome crap? There was virtual typing in the game! Virtual typing! It was typing "Building Tiles"

It was glorious. I remember working on it, still in school, wanting it to work. But I had trouble with collisions, that's for sure. You could see it. But it had map loading and saving, which is a good thing.

The last release build was made 2014-09-14. That's almost a year ago. Geez, it was just a year. But that year is so much.

I continued to look to other things, continuing to see more amazing stuff, or poor stuff, which I am almost embarrased of. Just a half year ago.

That moment, was epic. I also saw [my first C# (console) Game](http://joppiesaus.function1.nl/dl/cycle_SRC.zip)	Q. The release build was 02-06-2013. That's just two years! I don't understand it!

Anyways, I'm very motivated to make more stuff right now. I also saw a 2D side-scrolling zombie game, which could be fun, but wasn't at all, because it was very buggy and not balanced at all.

This was epic.